Fireclaw Installation
---------------------

1) Compilation

After extracting the archive to a directory of your choice, simply type 
"make". If you are using freeBSD I suggest you edit os.h first, and 
uncomment the 'FREEBSD' define.

2) Initial setup

First you'll need to add yourself as the first admin and set the first 
channel in the database. Todo this, run "./makeuser". Enter a username, 
password and channel when prompted. This program will write out 2 files, 
chans.txt and admins.txt. These are where users and channels are stored on 
disk.

3) Configuration File

Now copy claw.conf from doc/ into your main directory. Open it with your 
editor of choice (I strongly suggest against using windows to edit this 
file). The config is commented to help you through it. The most important 
things to get right are the servers and nick/user.

4) Finished

You now have the 'claw' executable as compiled in step 1). You have 
admins.txt and chans.txt from step 2), and you have a configuration file 
(claw.conf) from step 3). Now just type "./claw" to start up the bot. You 
will either get config file errors or warnings, or it will fork off into 
the background and start connecting to the first server in it's list.

Once it appears on IRC, if your ircd supports "accounts" and your username 
matches your account name you can simply /msg botname <anything> and it 
will detect your account and automatically log you in. If not, use /msg 
botname login username password.

From there on try /msg botname help and /dcc chat botname

For further documentation on commands and flags see 
http://www.fireclaw.org/

5) Putting the bot on crontab.

There is a script in doc/ called 'clawcron', you can copy this to your 
main fireclaw directory and put it on crontab. It will check if the bot is 
running and if it is not, start it up again.
e.g "*/5 * * * * cd /home/smith/fireclaw/ && ./clawcron > /dev/null"
